docs: update scale recommendation to account for read load (#921)
langchain-ai/langsmith-docs: docs/self_hosting/configuration/external_clickhouse.mdx

When running migrations with `cluster` enabled, the migration will create the `Replicated` table engine flavor. This means that data will be replicated among the servers in the cluster.
This is a master-master setup where any server can process reads, writes, or merges.

:::info

> For an example setup of a replicated ClickHouse cluster, check out the [replicated ClickHouse section](https://github.com/langchain-ai/helm/blob/main/charts/langsmith/examples/replicated-clickhouse/README.md) in the LangSmith Helm chart repo, under examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For an example setup of a replicated ClickHouse cluster, refer to the [replicated ClickHouse section](https://github.com/langchain-ai/helm/blob/main/charts/langsmith/examples/replicated-clickhouse/README.md) in the LangSmith Helm chart repo, under examples.
```

ClickHouse installations managed by LangSmith use a SharedMerge engine, which automatically clusters them and separates compute from storage.
:::

> For more information, check out the dedicated page for [managed ClickHouse](/self_hosting/langsmith_managed_clickhouse)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, refer to the [managed ClickHouse](/self_hosting/langsmith_managed_clickhouse) page.
```
